[DOC UPDATE] Fixes multiple bugs (#3452)
RediSearch/RediSearch: docs/commands/ft.search.md

<details open>
<summary><code>SLOP {slop}</code></summary>

is the number of intermediate terms allowed to appear between the terms of the query. 
Suppose you're searching for a phrase _hello world_.
If some terms appear in-between _hello_ and _world_, a `SLOP` greater than `0` allows for these text attributes to match.
By default, there is no `SLOP` constraint.
</details>

<details open>
<summary><code>INORDER</code></summary>

> puts the query terms in the same order in the document as in the query, regardless of the offsets between them. Typically used in conjunction with `SLOP`. Default is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requires the terms in the document to have the same order as the terms in the query, regardless of the offsets between them. Typically used in conjunction with `SLOP`. Default is `false`.

```
